do not want to do business  In, of course, in the middle, man, you so much business doing
things is not ah, depending on, he will have a back, then after the
end becomes what yeah dead, can not catch up with so much trouble
And have to find to shoot, and have to go to sell out
, I'm very sad, yes, must lose to not recognize it, so why
HSBC, and a fell 15 percent this is because of the
impact of a silver  , so I tell you
, look at the birth yeah the same is very sad ah of course it is, do the bank
is certainly this way, the economy of Dalang rush to you these your
customers
must be a rush of people  Want to let you say no ah that
is in the past I know a do den so said so so the bank he borrowed money
asked him to borrow money, oh borrow thanks lend him to go out to do business jump a thing can
not, collect all your things ah well  Hey my
banks said hey have done it
cover money bank bank to miserable man, because why ah buy back your things
, sell not back the price of the price, maybe 80% of it, he does
not want you to please
Well, you are not what, but I do not know